[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be sharing another morning routine with
you these are my favorite videos to film
and say I'm so excited to be sharing a
Christmas edition of morning routine
with you this is very mindful it's all
about setting you up to have a good day
and be happy and be in a really good
state of mind so I'm really excited to
share it with you but before we jump
into the video I want to let you know
that today's video is kindly sponsored
by good warm so goodwill is a platform
which is founded in these principles of
maximizing potential which our students
as motivated students is the thing that
we really want to do so it provides a
space where you can interact and to
connect to a shared interest and also
connect with professionals in the
industry is that you want to go into you
so it's a really great way to find new
opportunities new internships to just
get inspired by looking at the really
amazing things that are the motivated
young people are doing and it's just
such a supportive and really lovely
online community
what aims to do is inspire you to reach
your potential by finding new ideas
connecting with people who have shared
interests and being able to really
foster that innovative thinking which is
so so amazing so I have made a profile
which you do end up downloading good
world definitely make sure to message me
on that one of the really cool features
of goodwill is that you can also make
these live chats that's and these are
called channels if you search under
channels for absolutely motivated then
you will find a channel which I've made
and if you click to join this group then
you can watch at within this channel I
will be checking into this group chat at
other times but I definitely will be
online at 10 a.m. on the 18th so if you
would like to come chat ask any
questions then definitely join that
group chat and then we can talk but
without further ado let's get on to the
mindful morning meeting
so during the Christmas holidays I will
wake up at around 7:00 but maybe 7:30
depending on how late I went to bed the
night before the first thing I like to
do is check this book by Dan snow which
tells you what happened on this day in
history this is just such a really cool
interesting way to start your morning
and I also like to read in bed so at the
moment I'm rereading this beautifully
illustrated book by Sally Gardner which
is called tinder and I would really
recommend this it is a light read but
it's it's really pleasant one then I put
on my lovely blue bunny slippers and I
also fit on my dressing-gown for kids
it's December which means that it is
called
[Music]
then the first thing I would do is head
to the bathroom and I will brush my
teeth this particular morning actually I
wasn't reading my book Kwas brushing my
teeth most mornings I do I don't know
why I didn't this morning and I will
also wash my face just with cold water
then I go straight back into my room
when I make my bed I really love to
start my day by making my bed it
genuinely does just make such a
difference number one - how your room
looks and just how motivated you feel so
then I head downstairs and I do turn on
the Christmas tree lights four gears it
just makes the whole room feel so much
more cozy
[Music]
and I also turn on this beautiful light
up reindeer that we have this is my
favorite Christmas decoration we own
then I will go check my advent calendar
and this is one that my parents fill up
so this particular day I had a very good
advent calendar gear which I didn't eat
then because I don't like eating
chocolate in the morning then I like to
go to the mirror and say a few positive
affirmations to myself I'm going to have
a good day I deserved this honestly
feels so strange to do and I haven't got
used to doing it but I know it's meant
to be really good for your mental health
so I'm trying to get into the habit of
doing it and I also just do some
mindfulness as well so just sit on the
sofa and focus on my breathing and on
the present moment sometimes I'll do a
guided meditation through headspace but
that just depends then I head to the
kitchen to make myself some breakfast my
staple breakfast during the holidays is
of course porridge or oatmeal I prefer
the word oatmeal and I just use a mug to
measure out how much oats and almond
milk I use this is a tip I got from Jade
just because it makes sure that you
don't make the porridge too runny and I
always add some cinnamon to that as well
I also like to add half a banana
[Music]
and look at that I'm using a wooden
spoon to stamp my porridge
we like wooden spoons so then I would
just rinse out my water bottle that I
used yesterday and fill this up and I
like to drink the whole water bottle
because it's really good to start your
day by hydrating your body again because
you get dehydrated when you sleep then
since otherwise the oats will stick to
the bottom of the pan it'd be very
difficult to clean I just leave my pan
to soak in some boiling hot water and
then I will make myself some tea today I
decided to have some of this chocolate
coconut tea from Twinings and this tea
is very good it's like a hot chocolate
if you add a natural sweetener to it so
I usually add some agave syrup and then
to my porridge
I like to add peanut butter I really
love having peanut butter with breakfast
because it's a really good source of
natural fats and it just gives me energy
and I'm also adding some of this Jam and
at the same time I was reading the paper
so I like to read the news and in the
Christmas time usually my family and I
might sit at the table for a little bit
listening to the classical music and
read the papers we will also chat but I
didn't actually show any clips of us
talking sometimes I read the paper
sometimes I'll do a crossword sometimes
I'll read it just depends
[Music]
then after that I will rinse my plates
and get a fool you know the porridge
that it doesn't stick to the sides then
I head upstairs to get ready I'm just
doing my hair here I'm sorry that the
angle really isn't that good but I'm
fitting in my favorite antler hair clips
these just make me feel so fast 'iv I've
been wearing them since spring but it's
finally acceptable to wear these then I
like to put on some face cream and also
I've been wearing this CC cream which
helps to reduce redness and as you can
see I am putting on some makeup here
I don't want makeup every day but
sometimes I do
[Music]
then I like to head outside and do a
power pose I just do the Matilda phase
by making your body look bigger you
provide yourself with a rush of
adrenaline which helps you to you just
feel more confident in yourself and
again it's all about setting you up for
that really good day so then I will go
up to my room and I will put on some
Christmas music of course
and I've also I'm also taking
antibiotics at the moment for a tooth
infection so I need to make sure to take
those then I will light a candle and
write out my to-do list using my pumpkin
Productivity study planner
next I will check my iPad I will just
briefly look through the New York Times
and also do you one of the mini
crosswords these are really good fun to
do there are so many of them on the New
York Times crossword app which are free
and I like to just do one of these in
the morning then the last thing that I
would do in my routine before I get
started with my day and you know after
that it's more spontaneous I like to
write a letter this is a really lovely
thing to do it's quite mindful again
it's a bit like journaling but equally
you're able to connect with someone that
you really care about reconnect with
them and just let writing is so fun
especially at Christmastime so I
definitely recommend ah and there we go
that is my morning routine
[Music]
okay so thank you so much for watching
this video I hope you enjoyed watching
it it's oddly said it's a very slow
morning very mindful very focused in
preparing yourself mentally to have a
really a day so thank you so much again
to go to all for sponsoring this video
it's a really cool app also I'm so happy
to be working with them I hope that you
enjoyed the morning routine and I hope
that you have a productively and a
lovely holiday season
[Music]